all right um this one's gonna be a
little different guys ah we're gonna
start go on show us you sure i don't
know it's really hard come on it's
really hard you know I'm just from the
bottom of my heart you guys I'm sorry I
have to read god you guys comments that
you guys are you eating my points you
guys are right I'm just kidding I
shouldn't be making videos that we use
not a piece of garbage it's an abysmal
piece of shit honestly bad you are
thought I was gonna stop you stop didn't
you yeah tell you sick fucks with us
sitting there like seriously man the
fuck could you imagine now no but you're
gonna do the other point you said third
party support is gonna be great in that
were fucking here in less the case who's
honestly go i'll be playing call of duty
modern warfare 3 on your wii u it's your
imagine that shit man you ready knows
television you have we were like or you
play calls over here play call duty Oh
what's your beautiful I'm even let
what's your gamertag will have a 360
what's your PSN guy got on that too I'm
gonna be I said alright that appears
free oh you got it up Ryu your arms your
RT announces a loser of the group as
soon as you announced the wii u whoever
plays call tomorrow for the wii u would
go be a little fool and you already a
fool of a body and you saying i'm gonna
be happy to my fucking house yeah i have
in my house
brothers don't buy it and he's a nice to
live try out you and all but especially
those fat we fanboy fuckers that they
are like well don't talk bad about it
because it's gonna kick ps4 725 to
delete me legitimately mad about that
shit like holy fuck are you mad just a
console you have no idea how much fun
I'm having if I was having fun I
wouldn't be talking about it you think I
care about what consoles better than
that no but your people keep watching
now if you black but the way you does
suck by the way it's garbage shared
garbage isn't it yeah it's alright but
you know this is your next you how easy
is to be outplayed by the time PS 4 720
thumbs up think about that though I
guess I got good there's a finally
catching up to an exigent that's what
they're doing and people all talk well
the specs destroy xbox 360 how old is
the 360 you guys are freaking these
things like this things like five to
seven years old by now and abs coming
out that's like me having like five more
years to do an exam before the entire
past I'm gonna destroy the entire that's
got five you didn't do it did you
mention my five years of the three per
fucking up business calculus systems I
never ever left for him to start of the
fucking crew but everybody knows happy
ladies shit well I mean hehe Dominator
was scored by a hundred points like he's
had five years you guys are you talking
like it's an accomplishment in
intelligent that step there game by now
I honestly would be shocked I'd be shot
everybody was good it was gonna have but
he knows his respects the next consoles
are just going to destroy it and I
understand well it sells the most and we
all know why because it's a his end
towards kids you got it do you
understand that
you don't understand that's the racket
that it's called me you this time we
play in yo ass but but come on man
really really y'all talking about it
like oh you know it's gonna get
somewhere cuz you know ourselves the
most it sells the most itself I sorry
the fucking broken record this happen
last gen 2 we saw outside everything
didn't make it the best part of the best
counselor I didn't hit it no don't know
did no no you guys gonna be saying well
with third parties of all right hand
Nintendo games on it this gonna be the
best console ever walks the best concert
ever whoever doesn't buy it is a four
well let him say that but we'll just
have to wait and see how those that
third party works and I thought all we I
believe I made my point thanks to thank
you again and we you fanboys for making
my day I was getting a little bored
there for a second look but they just
made my day I love you from the bottom
of my heart and the attention you bring
me is glorious because we all know the
people people are attracted to the truth
and the truth is we use gonna be garbage
damn it